Adela Garcia the four-time winner of the
fitness Olympia the most prestigious
fitness figure and bodybuilding contest
in the world is preparing for the 2010
season as her body becomes leaner and
her muscles more defined Adela perfects
the gymnastics and dance moves that she
hopes will propel her to several more
trophies this year her fiance Trent is
always there to keep an objective eye on
her it tweaks her routine and gives
encouragement Adela is on a roll and is
expected to win the Arnold Classic
competition coming up in just a few
short weeks in Columbus Ohio
but things for Adela weren't always this
rosy in 2008 while preparing for another
attempt at the Olympia she tore the ACL
in her left knee and had to sit out the
entire season for many athletes this
could have been the end of a career what
happened next is one of the most
inspiring comeback stories in the sport
of fitness the way I see it is all about
what you really want because whenever
you want something you make it happen
created by two of the most innovative
reality filmmakers in the world of
fitness and bodybuilding Adela Garcia
from tragedy to triumph tells the story
of the most successful fitness
competitor in the history of the sport
shot in her home at the gym and
backstage at the 2010 Arnold Classic
this documentary follows Adela from her
childhood in the Dominican Republic
through her devastating knee injury to
her triumphant return to the competitive
stage also included as bonus features
are an excerpt from Adela's home movies
and several of her routines from past
competitions
Adela Garcia from tragedy to triumph is
a very personal story of love and
determination of knowing what you want
and knowing how to get it
order now at Adela video.com